[Docs] Add CSS customization guide (#716)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/assets.md

    Note that Vizro is currently not compatible with [Dash Bootstrap Themes](https://dash-bootstrap-components.opensource.faculty.ai/docs/themes/).
    Adding a Bootstrap stylesheet will have no visual effect on the [components](https://vizro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/pages/user_guides/components/) included in Vizro.

## Change the favicon
To change the default favicon (website icon appearing in the browser tab), add a file named `favicon.ico` to your `assets` folder.
For more information, see the [Dash documentation](https://dash.plotly.com/external-resources#changing-the-favicon).

## Add a logo image

> Vizro will automatically incorporate the dashboard logo in the top-left corner of each page if an image named `logo.<extension>` is present within the assets folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vizro automatically incorporates the dashboard logo in the top-left corner of each page if an image named `logo.<extension>` is present within the assets folder.
```
